# Week 5 Progress Report- -09/28/2023

## Reina Li

### Reflection
#### Photon 2 set up continue and testint out different scenerios
In our first class, we focused on setting up our Photon 2 devices and connecting it to the internet. The process of connecting to the internet was quick and straightforward. You can see that my device is in good condition in the picture, as it emits a dim blue light.

### Speculation
#### Future Direction of the tool
I finished setting up my device and it is now ready for use. As for the next step, I am going to connect it with the Berkeley wifi to delve deeper into the design process. I think I want to do something with lighting and navigating the user's path in the dark. I thought about connecting different lights and aiding users in navigating in low-light conditions.  Perhaps I could control various lighting through this photon 2 and guide users along the path and provide warnings when necessary. This is still in its early stages and I am going to  refine it as I explore more examples and gather additional inspiration. Another interest that I gathered in the presentation is incorporating the theme of water for my project, I am not sure of the feasibility at this point because not enough information is given to me. But further research and explosion should help toward the  direction I wish to pursue for my project.

#### Future Direction my work
As of right now, Photon 2 seems to hold less storage data than computer chips. Perhaps this could be a direction for improvement, allowing it to handle more complex tasks and larger-scale projects. I think it could be a cool design feature to incorporate multi-sensory capabilities, targeting two or more senses to accomplish specific design tasks, it is definitely another avenue to explore. Furthermore, microcontrollers can also be integrated with artificial intelligence, potentially improving character recognition and achieving more accurate characterization of humans and text.

